---
slug: 01-21
title: 2021 Q1 Week 3
authors: [kevyn]
tags: [update]
---

Hey folks! We’ll be trying out a new way for you to follow CDS progress and developments. Each week, we’ll post a list of all our current projects with their current statuses.

## :soccer:️ Kicking off

- **Buttons** - Bringing our CDS Mobile buttons to Web
- **[States](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SuAewPQ15YABMlMIeYFN9Z2HOfHhdX7ov6YjT-hxM6A/edit)** - Providing consistent states i.e. disabled, pressed, etc.
- **Icons** - Investigating the future state of heavy and light iconography, in particular if we want to consolidate using one or both. Referencing a small subset of icons across contexts of mobile and web to help develop a more informed answer.

## :art: Designing

- **[Spacing](https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/14y_itCM_rtZqQj3DtHkuJLDY2258OkCyc2U6SbpENzo/edit)** - Stress testing out a concept across various scales.

## :female-construction-worker: Building

- **Text** - New text components at @cds/web/Text (migration required)

  - **Web:** as prop is now required and div is not allowed to be used for text any more. Use p, span, and other rich html semantic elements. The full list is built into the TS type
  - **Web:** Adding a host of styling props like transform, slashedZero, underline, selectable, etc.
  - **Mobile:** RN text components coming soon.

- **Box** - New primitive box components for layout purposes

  - Built-in spacing, positioning, flexbox, and dimension
  - Background and borders powered by our theme/palette.

- **CDS Infrastructure** - Finishing touches on `@cds/web` package

- **API documentation (mobile and web)** - Text, Icon, Fonts

## :ship: Shipped (Web + Mobile)

- CDS Documentation Website (go/cds or cds.cbhq.net ) :tada: \* requires :lock: VPN
- Live playground - change scale in ThemeProvider to see how text styles change
- [@cds/icons](https://registry-npm.cbhq.net/-/web/detail/@cds/icons) - Icon component and assets
- [@cds/fonts](https://registry-npm.cbhq.net/-/web/detail/@cds/fonts) - Graphik and Inter, Importable @font-face CSS file

## :ship: Shipped (Mobile only)

- [@cds/mobile](https://registry-npm.cbhq.net/-/web/detail/@cds/mobile) - Text component, spacing API still WIP

## :memo: Additional Notes

We launched #cds-working! This channel is for us to post our work-in-progress and for y’all to give us feedback and suggestions!
Continue asking all your CDS questions in #ask-cds
CDS packages are now auto-published using the monorepo C/D.
